here you won with the leader
with the outbreak
also around the fellow who is going
to take the shitty brush and strawberry mother
mine
now we will see in the end now we will see the
final result nothing happens for a
each car we will see here
to see to see to see let's say this car
it can be the best gta car
good at the moment is the last one that has
stepped out
in midstream
the 4th
and good, you, adhesion, embraced
what did you go through
the one that the little half forgives the
little companion so fast it's clear
Then there is the art of killing people
distance you know that you like art
of killing up without looking at what is good in
the video is the evidence
in the video says in the video are the
tests
but the mine that you left there in
the rapidity that almost began as another
time we are not going to solve their
own mines miserable basic not
I'm 52 got unlocked then
look
people think you know
the video is here if I do not put it
Thank you
ah thank you
17 laps
12 46 thousand to my fellow mother such
paulo in your life
we see each other in Maldonado and look
because I am
that will have to be seen because by the way
has been proven is not that all the
while you can not deny it, you can not
denying it is the best car there is and it goes to
have in the whole history of v2
we will not be able to have ever
understand and once
resigned to me